# mvnu_cs_utility
This is a simple wrapper library for use in CS1/2 (e.g., CSC-1024 and CSC-2024) courses at MVNU. There are Netbeans 8 (Ant, under the Ant folder) and Netbeans 12 (Maven, under MVNU_CS_Utility_Library folder) based builds. 

For courses with a Spring 2020 and 2021 start date, the Maven based build is needed without restoring to complex JavaFx installs. 

Using Netbeans 12:
1. Checkout project using your preferred git client
2. Open the Maven based project in Netbeans
3. Click Run-->Build Project
4. Look in the target folder for the jar file that you install into your local maven repository using mvn

./mvn -X install:install-file "-Dfile=c:\projects\MVNU CS Utility Library\dist\MVNU_CS_Utility_Library.jar" "-DgroupId=mvnu.cs" "-DartifactId=mvnu_cs_util" "-Dversion=0.1" "-Dpackaging=jar" "-DgeneratePom=true"

You'll need to adjust the name of file parameter to match

5. Add the depdendency to your current Netbeans 12+ Maven based JavaFx project by right-clicking on Dependencies and select add dependency. Fill out the fields to match the above command line parameters and select runtime as your scope. 

This should give you a new dependency entry called mvnu_cs_util-0.1.jar under dependencies

6. Right-click on the new dependency entry and select "Manually Install Artifact." Click the Browse button and move to the directory where the jar file is located, click OK.

7. Add "requires mvnu.cs.util;" to your module-info.java file in your project. 

8. Clean and Build

9. Run

For courses with a Spring 2022 start date, Intellij will perform an Ant based build using source underneath the Ant directory, but not the Ant build file in this directory that was generated by Netbeans 8 (see .idea directory). I haven't tested Maven build, but IDE indicated it could import the file. 

You may need to delete the .idea project and recreate by importing FXOptionPane.java into your local project. You could fork and make changes. 

I may delete the older build paths for Netbeans in the future and move source out to a src directory 
